Clarify the need for SG to target `netstandard2.0` (#40644)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/roslyn-sdk/source-generators-overview.md

    > [!TIP]
    > The source generator project needs to target the `netstandard2.0` TFM, otherwise it will not work.

>     > The source generator can be hosted under .NET Framework environment (in Visual Studio IDE or MSBuild CLI), or .NET 7.0+ environment (`dotnet` CLI, VS Code, or VS out-of-process).

Author: @jaredpar in case you got time to review the technicalities here

Reviewer: `NET 6.0` is still a valid target right now. The compiler can also be hosted by Mono still which in turn means the same for analyzers.

>     > [!TIP]
>     > The source generator project needs to target the `netstandard2.0` TFM, otherwise it will not work.
>     > The source generator can be hosted under .NET Framework environment (in Visual Studio IDE or MSBuild CLI), or .NET 7.0+ environment (`dotnet` CLI, VS Code, or VS out-of-process).
>     > So, to support all the possible environments where a source generator can run in, it should be `netstandard2.0`.

Reviewer 2: I still think the fundamental message here needs amendment; perhaps more so along the lines of:

```suggestion
    > [!TIP]
    > The source generator project should typically target the `netstandard2.0` TFM, as to support their consumption within .NET Framework environments including the Visual Studio IDE and MSBuild CLI.
```

Author: I'll let someone from the compiler team decide the best wording.

Reviewer: Either way seems fine to me.
